Fixing couchbase tickets drop 1 (#2267)
couchbase/docs-server: modules/fts/pages/fts-introduction.adoc

> = Introduction to Full Text Search

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Introduction to Full Text Search
:page-aliases: full-text-intro.adoc
```

> :page-aliases: full-text-intro.adoc

Reviewer: Why has this page alias been removed? Page aliases are necessary to enable users to find equivalent information across versions of the product. Please reinstate, unless this same page alias is being used elsewhere.

[abstract]
_Full Text Search_ (FTS) lets you create, manage, and query _indexes_, defined on JSON documents within a Couchbase bucket.

== Full Text Search

> Provided by the xref:services-and-indexes/services/search-service.adoc[Search Service], lets users create, manage, and query multi-purposed indexes defined on JSON documents within a Couchbase bucket.

Reviewer: As it is, this sentence doesn't seem to meet DOC-9105. Adding "full text search" for SEO and defining the abbreviation.

```suggestion
Provided by the xref:services-and-indexes/services/search-service.adoc[Search Service], full-text search (FTS) enables you to create, manage, and query multi-purposed indexes defined on JSON documents within a Couchbase bucket.
```
